Turn 'deployment considerations' into 'deployment path' (#3456)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_best-practices-for-role-based-access-control-in-project.adoc

[id="best-practices-for-role-based-access-control-in-{project-context}_{context}"]
= Best practices for role-based access control in {Project}

* Define the expected tasks and responsibilities:
Define the subset of the {Project} infrastructure that you want the role to access as well as actions permitted on this subset.
Think of the responsibilities of the role and how it differs from other roles.

* Use predefined roles whenever possible:
{Project} provides several sample roles that you can use.
Copying and editing an existing role can be a good start for creating a custom role.

* Adopt a granular approach to user role management:

> Define roles with specific, well-scoped permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Define roles with specific and well-scoped permissions.
```

unsure; your call!

Author: Why not, sounds good, thanks!

> Make sure to test your custom role to verify that it works as intended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure to test your custom role to verify that it works as intended.
```

* Consider all affected entities:

> For example, a content view promotion automatically creates new Puppet Environments for the particular lifecycle environment and content view combination.

Reviewer: uhm. I do not understand this. Can someone please confirm/ ACK?

Author: Let's just drop it. The point above (about testing role-based access thoroughly) covers this too.
